Setup distribution for python bindings (#144)
rigetti/qcs-sdk-rust: crates/python/README.md

> # QCS SDK Python
> 
> `qcs-sdk-python` is an interface to Rigetti's [Quantum Cloud Services](https://docs.rigetti.com/qcs/) (QCS). Allowing users
> to compile Quil programs using [quilc](https://github.com/rigetti/quilc) and run them on real quantum processors.
> 
> While this package could be used directly, [pyQuil](https://pypi.org/project/pyquil/) offers more functionality and a 
> higher-level interface for building and executing Quil programs. This package is still in early development and breaking
> changes should be expected. Eventually, some fucntionality of `pyQuil` will be powered by this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# QCS SDK Python

⚠️ In Development

`qcs-sdk-python` provides an interface to Rigetti [Quantum Cloud Services](https://docs.rigetti.com/qcs/) (QCS), allowing users
to compile and run Quil programs on Rigetti quantum processors. Internally, it is powered by the [QCS Rust SDK](https://github.com/rigetti/qcs-sdk-rust).

While this package can be used directly, [pyQuil](https://pypi.org/project/pyquil/) offers more functionality and a 
higher-level interface for building and executing Quil programs. This package is still in early development and breaking changes should be expected between minor versions.
```
